README.md, before:

# GeoModeller Tutorial B (Drillholes)

## GeoModeller v4.0

Each of the Tutorials in the Intrepid-Geophysics workspace is intended for use with GeoModeller v4.0. If you do not own GeoModeller v4.0 and would like to know more, please do not hesitate to [Contact Us](http://www.intrepid-geophysics.com/ig/index.php?page=contact-us)

## Introduction

This tutorial is included as part of the GeoModeller v4.0 package, and is intended to be the second tutorial users should explore. This tutorial comes in seven parts, corresponding to B1-B7. In all sections, users are provided with a **completed** version of the project, so that any section can be started by loading the project of the previous section, removing the requirement to complete all sections or to complete them in order.

### Tutorial B1-B5

In this tutorial you will use drillhole data to build a model for each erosional series, beginning with the youngest. B1 contains full step by step instructions, B2-B5 will have you repeat these steps for each formation.

Erosional series explored in each section:

B1. Erosional Series f5

B2. Erosional Series f2

B3. Erosional Series f3

B4. Erosional Series f4

B5. Erosional Series f6

You will learn how to:

* Import drillhole data
* Create, display and refine the model for one formation

### Tutorial B6

In this tutorial you will import assay data into drillholes in preparation for interpolation, analysis or processing.

You will learn how to:

* Import assay data to drillholes.
* Create a observation meshgrid from Drillhole fields.

### Tutorial B7

In this tutorial you will use the MeshGrid calculator, and incorporate your geological models with existing MeshGrids.

You will learn how to:

* Compute a new MeshGrid field using the MeshGrid calculator.
* Interpolate data in a MeshGrid field using Inverse Distance Interpolation.
* Add your Geological model as a field to an existing MeshGrid.
* Use the calculator to threshold field data by unit.

#### Disclaimer

It is Intrepid Geophysics’ understanding that this tutorial document and associated data are provided for purpose of training in the use and application of 3D GeoModeller, and the material and data cannot be used or relied upon for any other purpose. Intrepid Geophysics is not liable for any inaccuracies (including any incompleteness) in this material and data.

Commit message:

Update ReadMe to point to current documentation

README.md, after:

# GeoModeller Tutorial B (Drillholes)

## GeoModeller v4.0

Each of the Tutorials in the Intrepid-Geophysics workspace is intended for use with GeoModeller v4.0. If you do not own GeoModeller v4.0 and would like to know more, please do not hesitate to [Contact Us](http://www.intrepid-geophysics.com/ig/index.php?page=contact-us)
## Full Documentation

If you wish to learn more about this example project and data the full documentation for Tutorial B can be found [here](https://docs.intrepid-geophysics.com/geomodeller/topics/3D_GeoModeller_Tutorial_Case_Study_G.html#Tutorial_case)
## Introduction

This tutorial is included as part of the GeoModeller v4.0 package, and is intended to be the second tutorial users should explore. This tutorial comes in seven parts, corresponding to B1-B7. In all sections, users are provided with a **completed** version of the project, so that any section can be started by loading the project of the previous section, removing the requirement to complete all sections or to complete them in order.

### Tutorial B1-B5

In this tutorial you will use drillhole data to build a model for each erosional series, beginning with the youngest. B1 contains full step by step instructions, B2-B5 will have you repeat these steps for each formation.

Erosional series explored in each section:

B1. Erosional Series f5

B2. Erosional Series f2

B3. Erosional Series f3

B4. Erosional Series f4

B5. Erosional Series f6

You will learn how to:

* Import drillhole data
* Create, display and refine the model for one formation

### Tutorial B6

In this tutorial you will import assay data into drillholes in preparation for interpolation, analysis or processing.

You will learn how to:

* Import assay data to drillholes.
* Create a observation meshgrid from Drillhole fields.

### Tutorial B7

In this tutorial you will use the MeshGrid calculator, and incorporate your geological models with existing MeshGrids.

You will learn how to:

* Compute a new MeshGrid field using the MeshGrid calculator.
* Interpolate data in a MeshGrid field using Inverse Distance Interpolation.
* Add your Geological model as a field to an existing MeshGrid.
* Use the calculator to threshold field data by unit.

#### Disclaimer

It is Intrepid Geophysics’ understanding that this tutorial document and associated data are provided for purpose of training in the use and application of 3D GeoModeller, and the material and data cannot be used or relied upon for any other purpose. Intrepid Geophysics is not liable for any inaccuracies (including any incompleteness) in this material and data.
